hi youtube this is j train 997 and about
this time with my review of the Marvel
Select Colossus figure now I've really
been waiting for this guy he's an
immense figure um and he looks fantastic
here in the packaging of course his only
accessory is the um I guess this is
supposed to be part of the danger room
wall it's like a spiked little ball
that's pushing in on him um not sure if
that connects to the other pieces of the
danger room we've got but I guess we'll
find out we open them up on the back of
the packaging here you can see him of
course a comic cover and the other two
figures from the marble slight line that
came with a piece of the Danger Room
gambit and Cyclops bought game it didn't
buy Cyclops um because i know i'll
probably end up butchering the names
there's the read up if you want to read
it so that means said not too much to
say about the box and emits looking
figure let's open him up and here we
have colossus out of packaging and he is
just an immense figure fantastic looking
now before we actually go on to him they
were going going to go into his a little
danger room wall it does come with these
poor little attachments to make it
alleged actually pushing off the wall on
now I can't speak for the Cyclops piece
of the basement this was disassembled in
a boss because I freaking hate these
bases they never stay together for it oh
my deal either be you know what a square
you push it up like this um I don't see
where the actual part is supposed to go
like I'm sure guess you could just lean
it up against the wall if I actually had
the base and didn't just fall apart like
a freakin cartoon but um as far as an
actual attachment I don't see anything
maybe on the Cyclops base but I doubt it
um which is the shanks it's a really
nicely detailed accessory and what it
really would look great in a danger and
base you know it's a great idea but so
far it's you know poorly executed we're
going to be tossing this base off to the
side here making Colossus back up will
actually go into the detail here very
nice face skull very nice metallic shade
they've gone with um I'm surprised they
didn't go a little more chrome
be honest they went with a very base
silver paint but it's not a bad thing
honestly the chrome paint would a war
over x this is probably better in the
long run I'm really nice he can see all
the ruffles and his costume very nice
job on the belt just all down his outfit
phenomenal job also for a Marvel Select
I was really surprised at the amount of
articulation this guy had up and down at
the head full 360 arms are on a ball
joint I'm a little stiff so be careful
when you first pull them out of the
package they go out they will do a full
360 you got to watch the little edges of
his costume here I'm very nice AB
rocking going on I'm no real forward and
back on it but very nice side to side um
single joint at the elbow spin and uh I
believe he bends at the wrist of also
there's a joint there but it's very
stiff kind of worried I'm gonna break it
nope yeah there we go and I didn't break
it his wrist very nice to see on a moral
select but once again very very stiff on
no waste articulation legs also appear
to be on the ball joint out forward back
um spin right there double-jointed need
very nice to see um spin at the
quadricep and the ankles move forward
and back and also or on a hinge it would
appear so I've got any um not only to be
so massive but you know this is a
phenomenal level of articulation for
Marvel Select um so I got this guy at my
local comic shop he was 24 my comic shop
jack the price up there he was like 22
bucks most common shops charge you about
20 bucks for these guys Marla has
done a fantastic job on the X mental
here lately um before we actually in the
review we're gonna quit a couple of
quick size comparisons though and here
we have classes in um in comparison with
the Marvel Select juggernaut um easily
one of my favorite figures that they've
made also probably one of the most
immense ones next to their Hulk an
abomination and next to the Marvel
Legends cable as you can see he's
definitely massive for um either line
um and at the end of the day he's just
going to look great in your x-men
collection I don't have the marvel
legends Colossus I know he's a lot of
the Marvel legend guys on one of their
more favorite figures so I can't really
do a comparison which sucks but at the
end of the day I'm if you just want a
colossus to go on your collection this
guy is definitely one to consider a lot
of articulation for marvel select twenty
bucks for a figure this massive is
definitely worth it um where's that pset
you know cool display BAE some even
though it doesn't go with Colossus I
could easily turn this into like a booby
trap for Cobra day I mean set by Cobra
for GI Joe um so yeah I highly recommend
picking this guy up a fantastic figure
and that being said this is j train 997
i'll see you soon youtube